Move messages delivery proof verification to pallet (#2189)
paritytech/parity-bridges-common: modules/messages/README.md

required, it must be done outside of the pallet. For example, XCM messages, when dispatched, have
special instructions to send some data back to the sender. Other dispatchers may use similar
mechanism for that.

### How to plug-in Messages Module to Send and Receive Messages from the Bridged Chain?

The `pallet_bridge_messages::Config` trait has 2 main associated types that are used to work with
inbound messages. The `pallet_bridge_messages::BridgedChain` defines basic primitives of the bridged
chain. The `pallet_bridge_messages::BridgedHeaderChain` defines the way we access the bridged chain

> headers in our runtime. You may use `pallet_bridge_grandpa` if you're bridging with chain thatuses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
headers in our runtime. You may use `pallet_bridge_grandpa` if you're bridging with chain that uses
```
